---
title: 研究生考试英语范文
date: 2021-09-18 19:01:28
tags:
---
# 说明

为了通过2022年全国硕士研究生招生考试，我必须对自己的弱项（英语）进行系统化训练，首先需要做的是单词和英文范文的背诵。由于博客可以在任何联网的设备上阅读，所以我决定将背诵的范文写到博客上，方便自己背诵，同时也可以见证自己为了通过考试做出的努力！

<!--more-->

# 2017年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）

## Part A

### 51. Directions:

You are write an email to James Cook, a newly-arrived Australian professor , recommending some tourist attractions in your city. Please give reasons for your recommendation.

You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.

`Do not` sign your own name at the end of the email. Use "Li Ming" instead.

`Do not` write the address.(10 points)

### Answer
Dear Prof. Cook,

&emsp;&emsp; Welcome to China! Knowing you love travel, I'd like to recommend some celebrated tourist attractions in Beijing.

&emsp;&emsp; Firstly, I recommend the Palace Museum ,because it showcases lots of antiquities which offer a quick glimpse into China's extensive history. Moreover , if you ar interested in outdoor activities, I recommend the Great Wall , for the spectacular view of rolling mountains atop ancient beacon towers is worth seeing.Besides , there are unique cafes and galleries tucked away in old alleys, or Hutongs , Riding a bike along the quaint downtown after a whole-day teaching is an excellent way to experience charming Hutong culture.

&emsp;&emsp;Hopefully my recommendations are helpfull.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

### 52. Directions:
&emsp;&emsp; Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following pictures. In your essay , you should

1. describe the pictures briefly
2. interpret the meaning , and 
3. give your comments.

&emsp;&emsp; You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.(20 points)

### Answer

&emsp;&emsp; In the left picture, a man says "What a great number of books I have!" , yet obviously he shows no intention of reading any of them. The man on the right, by contrast , is sitting at a desk with only a few books on it, and has a feasible reading plan: Finish reading 20 books this year.

&emsp;&emsp;Through sharp contrast, the picture reveal the difference between "possessing" and "reading" books. For some people , books are nothing more than decorations. Their studies are gorgeously decorated and shelves full of books used not to read , but to satisfy their vanity. Totally differently, some people , fewer books though they have, regard books as spiritual food. For example , Lin Haiyin , a famous writer, has written that when she was young, she always went to a bookstore and read there in a secretive way for lack of money. It was the very thirst for knowledge that made her a writer with great achievements.

&emsp;&emsp; Unread books won't help. We should read a single book carefully instead of merely collecting thousands of books. Furthermore, everything else should also be dealt with in a down-to-earth way. Only through continuing efforts can we advance steadily.
